# 13 Aug 2016 - Lukas & Ed

some values from lukas:
- topic-based / multi- and trans-disciplinary
- peer-to-peer
- acknowledging alterities
- rhizomic
- open, approachable
- transparent
- good-natured but deliberate

~

- Limiting the time frame for “classes” or “groups” might make them more precious, at potential loss of community.
- Per Brooklyn Institute model, perhaps classes can be a finite block within a longer or ongoing arc of a topical investigation. (mixed w/events, meetings, etc)

Should we call Jordan Kramer at BI?

~

Some words:

Library, cubbies, carrel, roundtable, seminar, workshop, practice room, locker, studio, study hall, first period, recess, sunday school, rec room, afterschool, dormitory, lobby, salon

Highlights: Practice Room, [Learning] Public Library, Rec Center, Nice Library, RECREATION, Gardens, Kindergarten

Bibliotheque, Biblio, Alexandria

RADIANT + ENRICHMENT

“Recreation Library”
“Learning Garden”
“Practice Room”

~

“Architecture for Study Groups”
is it all “study” though — ref “SALON” or “STUDIO” model of concurrent work. 

“Learning” is OK but has connotations of traditional study—“growth” is possible alternative. 

METABOLISM as Japanese architecture movement; spaces always in flux on basis of necessity. Empowering self-construction of space. 

“Open Source” investigation

Openness & transparency grants those looking at the project agency to choose what they engage with, and hopefully make our personal motivations clearer and up for discussion. 

~

GOAL by Lukas: Empowering people to teach and investigate topics outside of institutional context, by making their own or by taking agency in affecting existing institutions.

There’s a functional aspect of communicating in the real world—we hope to work against an ivory tower. 

think: IKEA / LEGO instructions

“Temporary Autonomous Zone”

_just think of the planet_

~

ACTION PLAN:
⍈ Remote Workflow (once Lu in LA)
⍈ Determine name by end of August
⍈ Set a benchmark for groups to invite into the family
⍈ Hone meta section - next mtg will focus on making it good
