
# 4 Sept 2016 - Lukas & Ed

Cybernetics has split, a new branch going to Pittsburgh. How do we factor in splits to the structure? What if someones wants a group in another language or geo area? Or to take a turn into a different application area? Should subject areas be “vertically integrated?”

Structure of github repos is more “horizontal” in nature. There are very _distinct_. 

Perhaps Learning Gardens will instead focus on community, resources, and help—rather than specific technology and course structuring/relationships. 
(Pittsburgh group should probably make a new repo and keep in touch with NYC one as they see fit?)

We should grow a bit, first via friends, so that LG becomes easier to pitch. ref: MFG, Toby’s Mondays. 

HOW TO PITCH LEARNING GARDENS? Big question. 

1. As a community of people trying to learn / structure groups
2. As a resource base for organizing and presenting knowledge

Emphasis on ease of access. Github ISN’T NECESSARY! Some folks doing it in facebook, gdocs, offline entirely. That’s cool. They can still join the slack & we can encourage some publicity. 

~

Figma seems good place for “messy work bench” approach to values/branding/rhetoric/etc

We will continue to feel out appropriate branding; important not to make groups feel they need to uphold it. Branding only LG, not the groups within it. 

~

“Resources” documents good. To go in `__meta` for now. To include help finding subject material and structuring it. 

“futuring classes” by making speculative syllabi has value. 

Gameplan: Lukas & Ed skype every ~2 weeks on Sundays. Every monday post on what work was done, what work we’re scheming to do. In Slack (likely #meta). 

- - -

Notes

Time spans for Reading groups
    - should groups have a designated ‘fall off time’?
    - should groups extend into future without expiration date?
Say someone wants to create another cybernetics group, but they don’t want to associate their group with an older group — how do we handle that? Should continuity (of any kind) be maintained, or should we encourage breakages in relation?

Focus on :

Resource gathering
Community Building
Let learning groups run into their own boundaries (don't set group structuring according to the limitations of github)

~

Naming doc:
##### The artist formerly known as Sunday School:

—

A name ideation document

—

##### simple

- Recreation Rooms
	- Rec Room(s)
- Gardens
- Practice Room(s)

—

##### verbs

- Gardening

—

##### synthesized

- Recreational Garden(ing)
