2 January 2017
Present: Lukas, Édouard 

~

**Growth of LG**
- time to implement more community guidelines. 
- Perhaps we can appropriate & modify 100s guidelines towards our purposes.
- talks w/Francis & Morgane (and everyone else) re: tips for effective group management; how can we handle crises, have leadership with a light touch, empower everyone, etc

**Pamphlet**
- Still need to ping: MFG, Evening Class, Utopia, APL, PPL
- Dissemination strategy:
	- Do printing in NYC + LA
	- Grow list of places willing to distribute
	- Send boxes to willing members in other cities for distribution 

- The idea is to have 3 TIERS of pamphlets:
- 1. A+ quality in edition of 100 via Kickstarter for publicity
	- nice cardstock exterior, maybe risograph, comes w/sticker
	- will be bound
- 2. B quality in larger quantity (300?) to be sold via LG market and for group leaders
	- just papers stuffed in outside cover
- 3. C quality black-on-white-paper PDF that we can give out willy-nilly and post up all over town. 
	- simple staple signature binding to be printed B&W

Kickstarter… potential rewards:
- any amount: pamphlet PDF
- $5 thanks, sticker
- $15 A+ quality pamphlet, sticker
- $50+ name on our website, tote bag ?? 

Ping Amardeep re: advice on clothing & small object production?

GOALS: 20TH MAKE PROOFS, 27TH LAUNCH KICKSTARTER (to be included in 100 edition program)

**Microgrants**

Could one top-tier reward be your name on LG microgrants?

Grants could take a “tiers” model (e.g. $50 grants, $100 grants, $500 grants) or be ask-what-you-need? 

Good to explicitly parameterize what the money could go towards. 
- Space (for meetings)
- Tool costs (server space? printing fees? a hammer?)
- Speaker fees
- Field Trips
- Books
- NOT: food… course fees…

**Residencies / Fellowship**
- After pamphlet, maybe one more group, LG microgrants, we feel more legit. We could apply to residencies & fellowships as Learning Gardens, or individually as Ed/Lukas right now. 

Things we could work on:
1. Development of tools to help LG & groups
2. Research (writing & projects) - on pedagogy, online community mgmt, decentralized education, etc.
3. Community Growth

**Avoiding the Bubble**

How do we avoid the bubble of the network that LG is positioned in? How do we get the _fuck_ out of NYC, LA, SF? 
Can we go on tour around the country for a fellowship? :)

Necessary to do explicit outreach to spaces off the coasts. Can start with like-minded institutions (art spaces, book stores, alternative schools) and go from there. 

**Co-Organizations**

We are a part of something … 
large network of people now with heads in a similar space. But working in very different modes. 
How can we intentionally cross paths? Collaborate? Intertwine governance, collaborate, take agency together? 

CO-ORGANIZATIONAL GROWTH

no clue what this looks like
bring up w/Francis+Fei (PSA), Carly (Hawraf), Sam (AVANT), … maybe Max (computer lab), Nic (Work-Shop), and more…

~~~~~~~

Lukas thoughts:
Is LG a “learning” platform or “education” platform? 
Is our goal only to sow seeds or to help people harvest output too?

How much should we be thinking about getting a “Seat At The Table” (Nic Schumann’s words) in existing institutions? 