#  **LG Meeting Minutes 171001** 

—

[Are.na](http://are.na) Grant

- Digital Spaces, Physical Spaces of Education
- Do it as individual (Lukas) or as group (Learning Gardens) ? 
- what would the form of output be?
	- essay series?
	- research body?
	- something _weirder_

In sum: A grant app will happen, whether as Lukas or as a pair. We need to ideate this rapidly to meet deadline, but convo cut short today. 

# New Admins

- How to place new admins in terms of current expectations for gardeners/facilitators
- Will role expectations need to be stratified
- New admin can assist in reframing of 'Next LG Iteration' rather than fit into existing LG Framework
- Write definition on what an admin is, what we want admins to do
- Roles, expectations, outreach, etc.

In sum: it seems we are both in favor of broadening "administrative" level of LG as long as it is targeted & adds some juice

# (Underscore) Channels

- intentional use of these channels—might mean fewer of them. 
- Make clear that gardeners should self-manage unless circumstances extreme (but feel free to ask advice of others as things come up!)
- Intentionally cultivating new garden growth
- Good to keep _some_ loose spaces, though. 
- Office Hours (bicoastal)- weekly, with some overlap of both Lukas & Ed. Might lower activiation cost of reaching out. 
	- be wary of other "office hours" models—recognize benefits/drawbacks. 

In sum: Probably some culling to happen with reframing of the presence of Slack and other platforms within LG. 

# Learning Gardens Archetypes

- Build some richer documentation of archetypes
- "Flowchart" of starting a group? 
- Needs to be part of more full-bodied reframing of our GDrive documents. 

# ToDos

- Lukas & Ed each write paragraph on what LG MGMT "is" and "does"
- (also thinking about what LG "is" and "does")
- Discuss are.na grant app ambiently
