Garden Typologies & Examples
What is the group? Does it have goals? Is it finite in time? Is it broad in scope? How are meetings organized? How are materials organized? Who plans it? How is the content structured? How did it start?
Intro / Structure / Tools / Topics / Contact
Math/CS Reading Group
Intro
The “Math/CS Reading Group” started in June 2016. Max Kaplan emailed some of his friends—mostly Brown University graduates in Math, Computer Science, or Applied Math—and they invited some of their friends, with a desire to talking about various topics sitting between math and CS.
The group is ongoing indefinitely.
Structure
The group meets for about an hour every other week, on Mondays at 9:30pm EST / 6:30pm PST. The group is highly distributed—some people in Seattle, Baltimore, NYC, Los Angeles, and more—so we meet via Google Hangouts.
In preparation for each session, one person in the group selects a paper (or course notes, or a subset of a book, etc) that every member reads. The person who made the selection then leads a lecture on the subject and is expected to have done additional research into the context and details of the subject (only to an extent! things are casual). The presenter can present however they would like.
The group is open and we are regularly inviting others to participate. However, attendance is usually only 5-6 people.
Tools
The presenters use whatever they would like: some just speak, some use slides, and we have also used Flockdraw to draw as we discuss. We use Google Hangouts to discuss.

All of our documents are in a shared Google Drive folder. Sometimes members will make a document to record thoughts & questions on a reading in preparation for the “lecture.”
Topics
The topics range widely. All members have some quantitative science background, but from various places—statistics, artificial intelligence, physical modeling, economics, and more. We are gravitating towards high-level papers and expecting the lecturer to help bridge the gap for those with no background in an area.
Contact
Drop us a line! Lukas - lukas@ltwp.net
—
Math Mornings (Topology)
Intro
Math mornings was a two-person book club working through Dover’s Introduction to Topology. We were two guys who wanted to learn some topology, one coming from an algebra background and the other (applied) analysis.
The meetings ended once we finished the book.
We were Lukas and Nic.
Structure
We met on Saturday mornings—usually from 9 or 10am until noon.
When we started, we thought that before each meeting we would read a bit and then do a shared set of problems. Our meeting would entail discussion of the topics and our solution techniques to the problems.
However, we quickly felt like doing the problems felt like “homework” when both of us were already busy. So the majority of the group meetings were anticipatory reading and then working through problems together (usually 2 per week).
We read ~20 pages/week.
Tools
Whiteboard and a quiet office space in Providence :)
We rarely looked at external sources, but our combined backgrounds in Abstract Algebra and Real Analysis very much helped us tackle concepts and problems.
Topics
Just Intro Topology!
Contact
Lukas - lukas@ltwp.net
Millennial Focus Group
Intro
started june 2015
4 reading, collaborating, presenting, critiquing, and hanging
vaguely identity-oriented, creatively-inclined, internet-aware, structurally-experimental
networked thinking <-----> intersectional thinking
millennialfocusgroup.info
Structure
Facilitator manages meeting times/places and group communication.
Content and themes determined by collaboration among group members.
Meeting generally involves discussion of content, with occasional presentations by group members on topics related to theme.
Meetings are open and invitations (to people outside the listserv) are spread primarily through word-of-mouth. Participation from meeting to meeting is flexible, with a slightly different alchemy of attendance at each one. This structure allows people to drift in and out as they are able and interested, and as the other responsibilities of life allow. This also means that the themes can be more creative, and can mutate to the visions and interests of different members at different times.
Tools
-are.na to gather readings (of all media)
-facebook group for casual coordination/sharing/polling for interest on different potential topics
-email to communicate highlighted readings + place/time/date of next meeting
Topics
examples include: The Suburbs, Death Salon, Conspiracy Theories, Queer Futurism & SciFi, Youtube You-topia, Bodies Online, Policing/Spectacle, Social Media & Autobiography, etc
Contact
mllnl.fcs.grp at gmail.com
A Pattern Language Reading Group
Intro
We’re a loose group of people that organized to get through Christopher Alexander’s legendary A Pattern Language. We’re approaching the book with a critical eye and seeking to apply what we can to our own work and the present-day reality. Our first meeting was in December 2016.
Structure
We meet about every other week and read ~100 pages before each meeting. One member of the group directs each session.
Tools
We use the LG github to host meeting notes and Google Hangouts for the chat, as the group is widely distributed.
Topics
Urbanism, systems design, internet ecosystems, internet infrastructure, structural patterns.
Contact
@lukas in the Slack. We’re in #pattern_language.
Template
Intro
Structure
Tools
Topics
Contact
 
