##### 2017.1.5 — Enroll Yourself
###### Interview

- - -

##### Enroll Yourself

- Arose out of dissatisfaction with work cultures
- Various folks wanted freelance flexibility but missed a team
- Looked at various master’s programs… felt not necessary, too expensive, too narrow. 
- “Learning Marathon” is a strong & guiding metaphor. Meant to be a focused, intense period—people starved for time. 

First group started September 2016, next cohort should start May 2017. VERY multidisciplinary, united by interest in social & environmental issues. 

- Structure:
	- Each member has own specialization, own project, spanning multiple disciplines
	- Started the marathon by mapping out everyone’s skills and interests, forming small groups, making a schedule for people to take turns leading sessions & workshops relevant to everyone. 
	- Felt intuitively that a diverse, divergent group was better — felt this was better compared to a Master’s program, where converging inwards was the norm

Types of Participants:
1. Those running their own organizations AS their work in Enrol Yourself
2. Those adding enrol yourself to their professional work / development
3. Those using enrol yourself as experiments and new paths

~

- E: Any edits to the program in its next iteration?
	- first version was designed as it went along
	- every other sunday is “get shit done” sunday
	- it would be nice to make the program more modular, piecemeal to fit around people’s work/life lives
- L: Will Zahra be a participant in next Season?
	- The program might need it, since it’s good to experience what the program is like as it’s being formed
	- Potentially groups can have an ‘admin’-like figure, to manage meta aspects of the program
	- Going to try to implement “Pay-as-you-feel” model to cover costs (ballparked ~£650 per person)

##### On the Horizon

So much online learning isn’t really peer-to-peer. How can you put YOUR resources online to share with others in a meaningful, direct way?

How to triage the possibilities for pedagogy? We should be keeping tighter tabs on models that work well and those that don’t. (note: maybe more groups should give “status updates” ? to reflect on their structures? Could we make a flowchart to help people decide on how to structure groups?)

WE TALK ABOUT DECENTRALIZED LEARNING… HOW DO WE ACTUALLY DO IT? 

Can we showcase the skills necessary to be in and run these kinds of groups? Can we validate them? Give them badges? Prestige? Power? 

How can our organizations inject themselves into political infrastructure? What’s the impact we can have?
We have lots of folks… perhaps mobilizing them.
Prioritizing education is a political decision. 
